File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                             Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                       Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                             Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                       Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                              Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                        Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                             Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                       Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                              Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                        Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                              Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                        Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                              Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                        Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                              Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                        Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                              Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                        Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                              Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                        Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                             Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                       Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                     Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                               Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                     Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                               Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                              Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                        Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_ag3_soc3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                  Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W       Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W          Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA  water_td_irr_UsaColoRS_W     SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag3_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                               Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                         Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                          Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_AmuDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_uct
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                 Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                           Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwhi_rs_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                  Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                            Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwlo_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_gfdl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                     Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                               Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_hadgem_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                   Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                             Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_ipsl_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                    Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                              Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_miroc_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
File: ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict.csv
                                     Scenario  Year       Region                     Input                                 Combination  Count                               Unique_Scenario
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Australia_NZ water_td_irr_MurrayDrlg_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100 Central Asia  water_td_irr_SyrDaryaR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100        China   water_td_irr_HuangHeR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100  Middle East  water_td_irr_TigrEuphR_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100     Pakistan     water_td_irr_IndusR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100       Russia     water_td_irr_VolgaR_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA water_td_irr_California_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W FiberCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA  water_td_irr_MissouriR_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     FiberCrop_withdrawal vs Rice_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W      Rice_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Rice_withdrawal vs SugarCrop_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W         Rice_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W SugarCrop_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W    SugarCrop_withdrawal vs Wheat_withdrawal      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict  2100          USA   water_td_irr_MissppRS_W     Wheat_withdrawal vs MiscAll_withdrawals      1 ssp_socio3_ag4_gwmed_exp_noresm_NDC_Tax_ffict
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
